Previously on Good Witch.
Maybe Nick and I
have just kind of moved on.
And Grace isn't someone
I get along with anymore.
So I guess he and I
- are sort of... done.
- Abigail, you're just bursting
with good ideas,
almost like Cassie herself!
It's like you and I traded places.
- Sort of looks like it.
- I am going to look at a lake house.
- You wanna buy a lake house?
- Well, yeah. I thought it'd
be fun to have a vacation place
for the weekends.
When I was little, we spent
summers at a cottage
on the lake. Some of the best
family memories I have.
(UPBEAT MUSIC)
♪♪♪
- Grilled cheeses are up.
- Who are you talking to?
- Uh, Noah.
- Yeah? How's he doing?
Smiley face.
- Well, hello there.
- Oh!
I thought you'd be at Grey House.
Yeah, my guests had
to leave early, so I decided
I'd let someone else make
the tea for me this morning.
Thank you! Ooh, those muffins
look amazing.
- What can I get you?
- Uh...
Nothing. I think
I'm just gonna head to school.
Oh. Grace is headed that way too.
Yeah, you guys should walk together.
- Oh. Yep.
- Yeah?
- Yes. Great. OK.
- Have a nice day.
Thanks. Bye.
- Mayor Tinsdale.
- Hello, dear.
It's so wonderful
to see your children
getting along so well.
Yeah, they really do seem
like they are, don't they?
Oh, you two will have no trouble blending
your family when the time comes
to put it in a blender.
By the way, when is that time coming?
- We haven't decided on a date.
- But you'll be the first to know.
- Oh.
- Second. Top 10.
Well, if you want me
to sing at the ceremony,
let me know so that I can
get my contralto back in shape.
Oh, yoo-hoo!
Ahem. Now, our kids
are gonna have to start
getting along for real
if we hope to make this work.
Yeah. I never thought
this feud would last so long.
Maybe the four of us should
spend some extra time together.
- As a family?
- It's gonna happen eventually.
What if we go up to
the lake house this weekend?
- Ooh! I would love that.
- There's room for all of us...
and living in the same house,
Nick and Grace would have
- to figure out how to get along.
- Yeah, it'd be nice to spend
- some time together as a family.
- Yeah. What're you drinking?
Green tea with honey and almond milk.
Exactly why you'll never hear me say
I'll have what she's having.
- Is that all you're taking?
- Uh, I think so.
Clothing, toothbrush, charger and a cell:
Everything a girl needs.
Well, I was hoping that we might be able
- to unplug a little this weekend.
- What, you're not bringing
- your phone?
- No, I am, I just...
- hope I never have to turn it on.
- Well, then, it's a good thing
- that mine never goes off.
- (CASSIE SIGHING)
What time are the guests arriving?
- Right around noon.
- Wait, you're letting Abigail
- take care of the house?
- I think I can handle
a few people for two days and a night.
Yeah, it shouldn't really be
any problem. They're just here
signing some merger papers
and they thought Grey House
- was the perfect place to do it.
- Why did they pick here?
I never know why people
come to this place. I just hope
they leave here feeling
that the trip was worth it.
I will make sure that it is.
OK. Well, we'll be back
tomorrow, sometime after dinner.
- Have fun.
- Thank you.
- Thanks. Oh, who's driving?
- Sam, and then you and Nick
can sit in the back seat
and play the license plate game.
What? We are not playing
the license plate game.
- I thought that's what kids do.
- Yeah, when we were 6!
Hmm. They grow up so fast.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
I had forgotten
how beautiful it is up here.
It is a great place to escape.
Is there any Wi-Fi anywhere?
Yeah, sometimes you have to
walk around until you find it.
Yeah, or you could just talk
to the people who're right here.
Oh. I thought that's
what the car ride was for.
What's that?
It's, uh... from
the Homeowners' Association.
Where's Turtle Point?
Uh... it's at the other end of the lake.
Well, apparently too many
people have been hanging out
there after hours,
so it's closed to the public,
but we won't be going there.
I was hoping we could
just stick around here anyway.
I love what you've done in here!
- Oh, thanks. Do you like it?
- Yeah!
I've made some upgrades to the kitchen
and got some new furniture.
Did you get cable yet?
Uh... next week.
So what are we supposed to do until then?
Oh, sit around. Wait for the cable guy.
What's the Wi-Fi password?
RaDford329$!
Seriously?
Nobody's guessed it yet.
OK. Where do you want me to put my stuff?
I thought the girls would
stay upstairs and the boys
- would stay downstairs.
- Fine with me.
I'm gonna download
an update for my phone.
And I wanna text Noah,
let him know that we got here.
Well, let us know when you're done.
I have some fun things
for us to do while we're here.
Uh-huh.
- (SIGHING)
- See?
We almost spent a whole minute together.
Yeah, and we're all under the same roof.
Which I also had re-done.
Along with the... oh, no!
- What?
- Oh, the new oven. They said it
would be installed, but it looks
like it's not hooked up yet.
Oh. Well, I had some plans of
what we might make for dinner,
but I guess we can just improvise.
- I think I can get it working.
- No, I don't want you to spend
your whole time here
being an electrician.
Oh, I don' mind. It's plugged
in. I think I just need to go
turn the circuit back on.
It'll just take me a minute.
And then we'll all spend
time together, as planned.
OK.
- (GRACE): Nick?
- (NICK): Upper-case D!
(SIGHING)
(THEME MUSIC)
♪♪♪
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪♪♪
- Did you get the oven working?
- No. I checked on the circuit,
but there's no power
to the plug. I have to open up
the electrical panel, see if I
need to replace the breaker.
- Be careful.
- Ah, I know enough
about electricity not to work
too much with electricity.
OK. Does anybody
wanna check out the lake?
Uh, we can see it from here.
Yeah, and I wanna set up this game too.
- Those controllers have wires.
- Yeah.
This is like the final resting
ground for our old stuff.
- At least I got us a new oven.
- Does it play games?
- No.
- Then what's the point?
This thing freezes up sometimes,
but... at least it's something we can do.
Maybe Grace wants to challenge you.
Hmm?
Oh... I'm not really a gamer.
- (KNOCKING)
- Hello?
- Hi.
- Hi. Come on in.
Well, we were wondering when
this place would get some use.
We bought the house next door
and we have been
- waiting to meet our neighbours.
- Oh. Sam Radford.
- Hi.
- This is Cassie,
- Grace and Nick.
- Hi.
- Hi. I'm Gina and this is Cara.
- Hey.
- Do you get up here a lot?
- Pretty much every weekend.
Yeah? I wish we could
do that too, but it's...
not always easy to have
somebody cover my patients
- when we're away.
- Oh, you're a doctor.
Don't worry. I won't
tell you about the weird pain
- in my knee that comes and goes.
- Cayenne pepper and olive oil
are a great mixture to put on that.
Oh! Maybe I'll try that.
Anyway, um, my husband is grilling steaks
and we were wondering if you'd
like to come over for dinner.
- Oh.
- Cayenne pepper and olive oil,
- good for those too.
- (CHUCKLING)
Sounds amazing,
but we're only here one night
and we were hoping to spend time
together, just the four of us.
- OK. Well, maybe another time.
- Next time we're up, for sure.
- Yeah. OK.
- How old is that game?
I'm pretty sure it's from back when Mario
didn't even have a brother.
- Thanks again for the invite.
- You're welcome.
- Enjoy your time with the family.
- Bye.
We will.
Welcome to Grey House.
Cassie said you had to sign
some papers while you were here.
- It's a simple merger.
- That's right, and so far,
it's been smooth sailing.
The four of us are combining
our companies and opening
a new store in Chicago.
We have a couple of
active wear shops in New York.
- We have a few in LA.
- Yeah.
We've spent so much time
in antiseptic board rooms, but I
like to bring clients to a more
relaxing place when they sign
the final documents.
I actually grew up around here.
- Really?
- I used to think
this place was haunted.
Don't worry. We've had the
house tented for ghosts.
Let me get you your room keys,
and... I hope your time here
turns out to be magical.
All we'll need is a table
and some places to sleep.
- Right.
- Hello. Welcome to Grey House.
Yeah, I did that part already.
Sorry. Can I help you with your bags?
Not yet.
I don't know
why Cassie put you
in the rooms that she did,
but I think you...
should be
across the hall from you.
And you...
will be neighbours with this guy.
And you get the Duchess Suite.
You can check out your rooms.
- I'll bring your bags up afterwards.
- Thanks.
Cassie always
spends a lot of time
thinking about who should be
- in what room before they arrive.
- Well, Cassie doesn't
know everything, and she's
not in charge this weekend.
I am.
(SIGHING)
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪♪♪
Oh. Did you get that oven working?
- I did.
- Great! Well, maybe we have
some time... before dinner
to do something as a family,
like play charades, boys versus girls.
I'm afraid that'll have
to wait. Nick challenged me
- to a video game.
- That's what you wanna do
while we're here? Play video games?
It's what he said he wanted to do.
Well, then, maybe we can do
something together after dinner.
Yeah, if we can pry our kids
away from their phones.
(DOOR CLOSING)
- That could be a challenge.
Hey, what's going on
- with the internet?
- It's not working at all.
Maybe the router needs
to be rebooted since I had the power off.
Well, except I did that
and it still doesn't work.
I'm sure the broadband
gets spotty out here.
When did you become an expert
on the internet?
I know about a lot of things
that might surprise you.
Well, my phone didn't finish the update,
so now I'm stuck
on the "please wait" screen.
Yeah. Well, at least
mine's still working...
- if I can find a signal.
- Hmm.
You might be able to get better
reception down by the dock.
Oh. That is where I'll be.
I got the game set up. You ready to play?
- Let's do this.
- OK.
Well, let me know when you two are done.
I will. It shouldn't be too long.
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪♪♪
Thanks... and enjoy.
Hey. How's it going?
- It's really busy.
- Yeah.
Cassie thought it would be a slow weekend
because of the Crab Fair
in Blairsville, but that was
- canceled because of a sinkhole.
- Well, one more reason
- never to go to Blairsville.
- Yeah...
but it looks like everyone
decided to come here instead.
Do you want me to help out?
- That'd be good, actually.
- Sure!
And... there's your first customer.
Oh! Hello, Brandon.
Where's Cassie?
Uh, not here. Can I help you?
I don't know how.
I have a slight pain right here.
Oh, wait. No.
Actually, now it's over here.
Well, wherever it is,
Cassie always seems to know
exactly what I need to cure what ails me.
You should try some spearmint tea.
Well, now, how on earth would
you know something like that?
Well, I lived with Cassie
while she was married to my dad.
- Of course, you're family.
- I could go fill you up a bag
- if you wanna keep shopping.
- Well, I am a bit of a browser.
Oh!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- I know. That's weird, huh?
- Well, I just don't know
what you would use all these spaces for.
As near as I can tell, that thing
was made to hold shampoo bottles, and...
- I don't know, shoelaces?
- Hmm!
Cassie's had that box
sitting here forever,
- but nobody wants it.
- And neither do I.
Oh, look! There's Brandon
with my bag of tea.
You know what?
I'm feeling better already.
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪♪♪
I thought you were
playing games with your dad.
We were, but it got kind of embarrassing.
I was beating him so much,
so I'm giving him some time
to practice until it's a fair fight.
Yeah, well, I don't
have any reception, so...
Noah probably thinks
that I... died or something.
Is your internet out too?
Cara.
Yeah.
Yeah, it barely works
for a few hours at a time.
It's like living
in the Dark Ages out here.
I don't know how anyone survives.
Yeah, we have to find a couple
different things to do.
Like, a few of us are going
to Turtle Point in a bit.
Do you guys wanna come?
I thought that place was closed.
Yeah, which is perfect,
'cause that means we'll
- be the only ones there.
- I don't know.
I think Mom wants us here for dinner
and to play some games after.
We could probably make it back in time.
Hey, we can take our boat
if either of you want to go.
- In a half hour?
- Maybe...
- Sure.
- OK. Great.
Oh. Oh! Ha ha! I got a bar! Ha ha!
- Well, say hi to Noah for me.
- What? No. You tell him.
Except my phone is
still updating. Here, just...
- Nick, give it back!
- Hey, Grace!
- Nick, it's my phone!
- It's only for a second!
Let go!
Oops.
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪♪♪
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
I assume everyone had a chance
to peruse the agreement.
It's all pretty basic,
but I should explain
the final changes to
the deal points before you sign.
Just in case you're still in
here later this evening,
I hope none of you are
- bothered by the noise.
- What noise?
There's jazz in the park down the street,
so you might hear the music
when it starts up.
That's not a bother. I love jazz.
- Oh, me too.
- Really?
What a coincidence.
And I don't wanna be stuck
here for too long anyway.
I mean, I'd at least
like to experience something
- of what this town has to offer.
- Well, I hope you get out,
because there's lots here in Middleton
that I am sure you're gonna love.
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪♪♪
OK, dinner is here.
- Hey!
- Oh, you guys still at it?
Oh, yeah. Nick wanted
to play a tournament.
- Oh. Where's Grace?
- Mostly thinking of new ways
- to be mad at me.
- Nick threw her phone
- in the lake.
- I was reaching
for it, and I said
I was sorry like eight times.
Ninth time's a charm.
Well, I could use some help
in the kitchen if anybody wants to.
- Um, I can give you a hand.
- Except we're in the middle
- of the game.
- Um, can we have
- a minute to finish this off?
- Sure.
- How long is that going to take?
- I don't know.
- What level are we on?
- Four.
- How many are there?
- 17.
Um... I'll look for a shortcut.
OK. Just let me know when you're ready.
Oh, no, no, no, no!
It froze up.
- It always freezes up.
- Well, you were pretty
far ahead, so I'll just give
that round to you.
- Maybe I can reset it.
- No. You remember last time?
We had to wait for a couple of
hours for the unit to cool down,
so that gives me time
to help Cassie in the kitchen.
- What do you need done first?
- Well, you can preheat
- the oven, 375.
- 375.
- Yeah.
- (BEEPING)
So, what do we do while it heats up?
I like to stand here, look at the view.
Yeah. That lake's nice, isn't it?
I wasn't talking about that.
If you ever feel a cold
coming on, this stuff can
make it not nearly as bad.
Plus, it's great in guacamole.
(WOMAN CHUCKLING)
- Have a good one.
- I should be paying you
a commission. You'd make a fortune.
Oh, come on. You've made a lot of sales.
No, not as many as you. Oh!
- Did a package get delivered?
- I didn't see one.
Huh. I got an email
notification that we were
supposed to get some tape for
the cash register, which Cassie
will need Monday morning because
we've used so much of it today.
Well, I'm sure it'll
be here before closing.
- Yeah, I hope so.
- Can I help you?
Oh! I'm sure you can, dear,
but actually, I brought my friend here
to see Brandon.
Cassie raised him as a teen,
- so he knows all her secrets.
- Martha tells me he'll know
exactly what I need for my sore feet.
Oh, yoo-hoo! Brandon!
Now, after what he gives you,
you'll feel like you're
walking on air. Excuse me, dear.
- Hi. Is the oven all set?
- It should be.
- OK.
- Oh, that's weird.
It should be a lot hotter
than that by now. I hope
they remembered to calibrate it
when they installed it,
except... without the circuit on,
- they didn't do that at all.
- Yeah. Well, is there a manual
- we can use to set it?
- No, I didn't see one.
Hey, but I bet I could
go online and find one,
except the internet...
- Is down.
- Yes.
Well... I guess your big dinner
plans will have to change.
We can make some adjustments. Did you get
- everything out of that bag?
- Yeah, I think so.
Yeah? Are you sure?
- Hot dogs.
- Look at that, buns.
You know, I saw some
pretty good sticks out there
and a fire pit we could
roast everything over...
I'm the man to start your fire.
- What are you doing?
- What is there to do?
Well, I'm going
to Turtle Point with Cara.
That place is closed.
I don't think you can
actually put a locked door
- on the water, so...
- OK, and what am I supposed
to tell our parents
when they ask where you went?
Tell them it's not your job
to keep track of me.
- Nick...
- Grace! We're at the lake,
enjoying nature.
Try doing something you've
never done before. Relax.
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪♪♪
Oh, are you all finished?
Just about. Annie's in putting
the final revisions
we made today,
and printing off our agreement.
If you two are looking to wind down,
I happened to make a reservation.
- Dinner for two at the Bistro?
- I could use something to eat.
I just thought you might want some
private business time.
- Or non-business, either way.
- That actually sounds great.
- I'll get you a car.
- Thanks.
I think I heard them starting
to tune up for jazz in the park.
You could walk over there
to hear it for yourselves.
- That's perfect.
- I'd like to hear it. Let me
- get my jacket, and I'll go with.
- Yeah.
Oh, you won't be needing a jacket.
I think it's gonna be
a really nice night.
OK. Thanks.
- After you.
- Have fun.
(SIGHING)
(CARA): Look at this!
We've got the whole place to ourselves.
Yeah, this is great.
How come they closed it down?
Because they kept having
to chase us off after hours.
So, they decided to punish everyone else,
which doesn't really seem fair,
but makes it easier for us
to be the only ones here.
Yeah. It is pretty private.
- Cara?
- Justin? Oh, I wasn't sure
- he was gonna meet us here.
- Who's Justin?
Oh, my boyfriend.
- Hey!
- Hey, you!
- How are you?
- Good. How are you doing?
Good! Yeah, I'm glad
- you could make it.
- Yeah, me too.
(STEPHANIE):  Here you go.
Sirloin steak, medium rare.
- Thank you.
- And...
- vegetable risotto.
- Thank you.
Now, make sure you save room
for one of my special desserts.
Abigail tells me you're celebrating.
- Oh...
- Oh.
Uh, yeah, a little bit.
- Is it your anniversary?
- Oh...
- No.
- We're here on business.
Oh, well, she wanted me
to make sure that you had
a private table.
For... business.
- Yeah.
- OK.
Well, enjoy each other
either way.
This looks delicious.
Do you want a bite?
No, thanks. I'm... I'm a vegetarian.
Oh, really? I didn't know.
- Really?
- What?
I mean, we've eaten together
I don't know how many times
while we were working out this deal.
I don't really think
about what other people eat.
I just thought that's
something a person would notice.
Oh, right, because I'm the one
who doesn't pay attention.
What's that supposed to mean?
Just... never mind.
Hi.
Looks like the two of you
are getting along well.
Does it?
I just wanted to stop by
and let you know that I reserved
a tennis court for the two
of you for tomorrow.
Yeah, I might be up for that.
- I don't play.
- You don't?
But you wear that...
- tennis pendant.
- It was a gift from Bryce.
I figured I should
wear it to be nice to him
but you'd think that someone you're
getting to know
and going into business with
would get to know you enough
to ask if they play tennis
but you never asked, and I don't.
So, I can cancel
the tennis court for tomorrow.
- Yeah, you should do that.
- Yeah.
How do you feel about croquet?
Cassie has a really nice set.
Ahem.
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪♪♪
You know, closing time was
supposed to be 10 minutes ago.
I know, but I'm still
waiting for the package.
The website says "Out For Delivery"
and I don't wanna leave
until it gets here.
Do you wanna put the closed
sign out until it does?
Might as well leave the place open.
Yeah, maybe you'll make another sale.
Yeah.
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
(BIRD CALLING)
- (DOOR OPENING)
- (CASSIE SIGHING)
- Hey!
- Mm!
- Woo!
- Whoa!
Wow.
- Oh, hey! Just in time.
- Nice!
I got the fire going
and perfectly calibrated to hot
- and flaming.
- We can start cooking then.
I've got us ready for that too.
Ooh. You know, if I'm ever
stuck out in the woods,
I wanna be with you.
Well, as long as you have
hot dogs, we could live forever.
Dr. Radford? Sorry to bother you.
Yeah?
My husband needs a doctor.
He tripped going down the stairs
and he really twisted his leg.
Well, I can take a look.
OK. That'd be great. And sorry.
No problem.
Just save me something to eat.
Of course.
- I hope he's OK.
- Well, he's in good hands.
I guess we're gonna have
to postpone our family dinner.
- Yeah.
- Well, maybe Nick'll be back
in time to eat. Do you have
any idea where he went?
- No.
- Hmm...
Well, in case we don't get to it tonight,
I guess we can always
have breakfast together
in the morning. Maybe French toast
and omelettes?
I was thinking some sort
of sugared cereal might be fun.
With like, marshmallows in it?
Yeah, if that's what you want.
Yeah. Can I go to the store right now?
Oh, yeah. Sam said we could use his car,
- as long as you're careful.
- Yeah, of course. I will be.
OK. Keys are inside on the counter.
Great! I'll be back soon.
(SIGHING)
(DOOR OPENING)
Corrinne. I thought you
went to jazz in the park with Daniel.
We never made it there. I started talking
about Charlie Parker
and John Coltrane and he hadn't
heard of either of them.
I can't go out with a guy
that doesn't know music.
So that date didn't work out either.
Bryce and Ella beat you home
and retreated into
their opposite corners.
Well, that just means I haven't found
the right combination yet...
so it's a good thing that the
night is young
and that the person in charge
of Grey House is me.
(NICK): Where are you going?
(CARA): Justin was supposed
to bring food.
(JUSTIN): I thought you said
you were bringing stuff.
(CARA): No, I don't think I did.
Well, maybe you guys
can drop me off at my place?
So now we're Uber on the lake?
We'll get food.
We'll bring it back,
and then we'll take him home.
So you're just leaving me here?
Blame Cara for not bringing
enough life jackets.
- We'll come back in a bit.
- And if we don't,
there's a road about a 10 minute
walk that way.
Or... or is it that way?
I never know where I came from,
even if I'm walking or riding in a boat.
(PIANO MUSIC)
♪♪♪
It sounds like Annie
and Bryce are making
beautiful music together.
Yeah, they seem to have
really hit it off.
And I saw you and Daniel
working on a puzzle.
Until he told me he needed to get to bed.
It's not even 8:30.
He said he doesn't really do nights.
(SIGHING) Um...
I kind of want to go for a walk.
How far is it to downtown?
Not far, but I don't think
anything's open down there.
At least it's someplace to go.
(DOOR BELL JINGLING)
Hello?
- Hello?
- Are you open?
Yes, we are. Come in. You have
the whole place to yourself.
This place is so nice.
If you have any questions about anything,
just ask my wife.
Where did you get this?
Oh, Cassie, that's the owner,
she brought it in, but she
never said where it was from.
I used to have one exactly like this
- when I was a little girl.
- Really?
What was it used for?
Well, I used to put
my doll's clothes in here.
See, the little shoes
would go in right here,
and the pants and the shirts,
and then the dresses
could be laid out right there.
Doll's clothes would
fit perfectly in there.
And there used to be
a painting of a dressmaker
on top here. You can just barely see it
So that's what that is.
- Huh.
- I used to stare
at that painting and think,
maybe someday, I could do that.
That's how I got into clothing design.
Is this for sale?
- Of course, yes.
- Then I'll take it.
- Look at that! One more sale.
- (DOOR BELL JINGLING)
Is everything all right?
I saw the light on
and I wondered why the shop
was open so late.
We were waiting for a delivery.
Oh, is this it? It was
right outside the front door.
- Why wouldn't they bring it in?
- Well, the label says,
"owner instructs leave at door."
So, I guess
Cassie just wanted it dropped off.
I suppose you could have
closed up hours ago.
Well, I'm glad that you didn't.
Thank you. Tara can ring that up for you.
- Yes, I can.
- Are you buying the mystery box?
- Yes.
- So what is it for?
Well, it's actually for doll's clothes.
Oh! (CHUCKLING)
(DISTANT BIRD CALLING)
Grace?
What are you doing here?
I'm pretty sure I'm rescuing you.
- How did you find me?
- I used a map.
There's a... path back there
that leads to a road.
Yeah, I went out looking
for that but I couldn't
see where anything was.
I decided it would be better
just to come back here.
Well, it's a good thing that you did.
Come on. We need to get home.
I can't even imagine the trouble I'm in.
♪♪♪
It's supposed to be an equal split,
- Bryce, five ways.
- It can still be equal,
but somebody has to be in charge.
- Wait, what's going on?
- Yeah, I thought you guys
- were making music.
- Bryce wanted to know
if I could change some wording
in the contract
after it was already approved.
- It was just a small thing.
- Which would have
allowed for non-unanimous control.
- That's not what we agreed to.
- So we change the agreement.
Which would require an entire redrafting.
That would leave us vulnerable
to separate factions, which is
what we wanted to avoid.
No, that's what you wanted to avoid.
OK. I'm sure you guys
can work this out. I mean,
nothing's even been signed yet.
That's a good point. This agreement
- doesn't mean anything.
- No. I mean, it means something.
No, but it hasn't
been signed yet, which means
it's easy to cancel the whole thing.
Inform the partners I'm out.
What does that mean?
It means the merger is off.
But I welcomed you all to Grey House.
Thanks for coming to get me.
Yeah. I mean, I couldn't
just leave you there.
You could've, but...
I mean, I would never.
So, why didn't you?
(SIGHING) Because...
we're gonna be family soon.
I mean, we've known each other
since we were kids.
I think 15-year-olds
are actually considered late adolescents.
You know what I mean.
Look...
I don't care how much
of an idiot you've been.
I couldn't just abandon you somewhere
because you would've done
the same for me.
I would've?
(NICK CHUCKLING) Yeah.
I would've. You're right.
So... are our parents in there?
Pretty sure.
Then I guess I'd better
get this over with.
- What?
- You're just gonna tell them
where I was, so...
I might as well do it first.
I wasn't gonna say anything.
You wouldn't?
I mean, what's there to tell?
All I did...
was go and get some cereal.
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪♪♪
Ready?
Oh. Hmm.
Hmm-hmm.
Well, hello.
Hi.
Where've you been?
- Oh, uh... to the store.
- Oh.
Hmm.
And I got turned around,
and I couldn't figure out where
I was until Grace found me.
Well, that was lucky.
Yeah, um... right place, right time,
- I guess.
- Yeah.
- Is that all?
- Hmm? Yeah. Oh.
I... I mean, that's it.
OK, then.
- I'm gonna get ready for bed.
- Yeah.
(YAWNING) Yeah.
I'm probably gonna just do the same.
- Goodnight, guys.
- I'll be up in a bit.
- So, what do we do about that?
- I don't know,
but it looks like they're
getting along again.
They're partners in crime.
Except I trust Grace
to make the right choices.
And Nick never does anything
as stupid as what I used to do.
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh, I...
grew out of that phase.
- Oh.
- Several... phases.
So, we just...
let them think
they got away with something?
Yeah... like brothers and sisters do.
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
- Oh, sorry.
- Good morning.
I didn't realize anyone was in here.
- It's OK. There's room for two.
- Oh. OK.
Is that, um, supposed to be soap?
Mm. Yeah, it's all natural,
made of coconut oil,
almond butter, and...
grapefruit seed extract.
Huh.
You gonna eat it
or wash your face with it?
You can do both. You want a bite?
Um...
That's OK. I'll just have cereal. Thanks.
(WATER RUNNING)
(PENSIVE MUSIC)
♪♪♪
Hmm.
Where are all the marshmallows?
Oh, I ate most of them out
of the box before you got up.
But that's the best part.
So then you gotta get up early.
Hmm!
So good.
Thanks for letting me bring them here.
I sort of forgot that one
of the Bs in B and Bs
- stood for breakfast.
- It's no problem.
(SIGHING)
Although none of them look like
they're having a very good time.
I know. You know
that thing about Grey House
being the perfect place for
romance? That's just not true.
I have something I need to say.
OK.
When I first started
designing active wear,
I was never really that excited about it.
It was just something
that I did, and then I opened
a store and then another one,
and now, here we all are,
looking at opening who knows how many.
But last night,
I found something that reminded me
why I wanted to start designing
clothes in the first place,
and who I wanna design them for.
- Who's that?
- Kids.
I wanted to design children's clothing
- ever since I can remember.
- So... you want
us to open a children's store?
No. No. But that's
what I'm gonna do on my own.
You're pulling out of the deal?
- That deal is dead, Annie.
- It doesn't have to be.
I mean, I was thinking
about what I'd liked
when we all first met,
and it was the give and take,
and last night, I tried
to take more than I should have,
which won't happen again.
Put that in the contract,
call it the... the Bryce Clause.
So you can
write that up as an equal split.
And all...
future decisions will be unanimous.
OK, then.
What's in that omelette?
Uh... everything but meat.
Bryce is a vegetarian.
I know. It's one of the many things
I noticed about him
the first time we met.
- Oh.
- Is everybody ready to go?
- (BUZZING)
- Yeah, looks like it.
What's that noise?
My phone.
It looks like the internet's working,
and my update finally updated.
You can text Noah if you want.
Let him know we'll be home soon.
Just tell him I said hi,
and explain to him
why he's been receiving selfies
from the bottom of the lake.
I really am sorry.
I know, but I have to rub it in.
Is anybody hungry?
We can stop on the way home
- for an early dinner.
- Let's get a pizza?
Pizza? I was thinking
Indian, maybe Chinese?
There's also a good
hamburger place on the way.
Or I have an idea
for something we might all like.
♪♪ The future's open wide ♪
♪ We're gonna touch the sky ♪
♪ Just feel my heartbeat ♪
♪ 'Cause right there, oh, I feel alive ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Right there, oh, I feel alive ♪♪
♪♪♪
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
- Oh, hello.
- Welcome back to Grey House.
- Thanks.
- This is Cassie and
her daughter, Grace. Cassie runs
things when I'm not doing it.
Hi. I'm gonna go upstairs,
call Noah and let him know
- that we're back.
- OK.
It was nice to meet you.
So, did you get everything
done while you were here?
- We did more than that.
- Well, then I guess
- Abigail was the perfect hostess.
- See? It's not that hard.
- Thank you, again.
- Thank you.
Come back any time.
Hey, I have a car
- taking me to the airport.
- Oh, I was gonna call for one.
- Can we share?
- Yeah, sure.
If you have time, there's
a really good organic restaurant
on your way out of town.
Oh, that sounds great.
- Yeah. Thank you.
- Yeah. I'd love to go there.
Oh, no.
Let me get that for you.
Huh.
- So, when's your flight?
- Oh, I'm on the red eye,
so I have all the rest of the night.
You should stop by the microbrewery.
They have live music, and I saw a poster
- for a Dixieland Quartet.
- Oh, my gosh!
My dad used to play
that music all the time.
- Oh, Dixieland is underrated.
- I agree.
Yeah. By the way, I listened
to Coltrane. He's awesome.
So, it looks like you got back
just in time to pair up
all the right people.
Well, I had a feeling when I
assigned them their rooms
that they might each want to,
I don't know,
get to know their neighbours.
Yeah...
that is how you had things
set up when they got here.
You didn't. uh...
change their room assignments, did you?
No. Why would I do something like that?
(TINKLING MUSIC)
♪♪♪
- So many.
- Oh, yeah.
Oh, hey. Did you guys get unpacked?
We did. And then I took
some time to beat Nick
- at a new video game.
- You let him win,
- didn't you?
- Well, he wouldn't let me
- stop playing until he did.
- Poor guy.
That was a lot of fun up there.
Yeah. You know what?
I am really glad that we went.
Yeah. Except we didn't
get to play charades.
- That's true.
- I'm up for a round right now.
- Me too.
- OK. Me and Nick
- versus the two of you.
- Oh, you wanna take us on?
- Mm-hmm.
- No, we wanna beat you.
Sounds like they just
threw down a challenge.
Yeah, I think they just did. Come on.
OK. Three words. First word.
- Us.
- You.
You're. Second word.
- Running, running, running.
- Marching?
Going! Third word.
- Ground. Ground.
- Under?
- Down. Hmm-hmm!
- You're going down.
And look at that, we're already ahead.
(CASSIE SIGHING)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org